hey everyone its Julie today we'll be
making generals so and now this recipe
was given to me by my friend Jack's girl
Fani from the cooking with Jack show
Jack already made a video for this and
you might think well wait a minute why
would you make it if you already made it
well before I recommend another youtuber
to you guys I like to try their recipes
and I thought this was so delicious it
was incredible and this is what you can
expect over at Jack's channel everything
looks amazing please go check them out
and don't forget to subscribe so now
let's get started so into a bowl I threw
in some cornstarch soy sauce and two
eggs I follow this recipe exactly how
Jack made it except the only difference
is that I decided to use two eggs
instead of one truly there's just one
egg in there my camera didn't catch me
adding the extra egg but trust me
he got in there this texture was perfect
for me and very easy to dip the chicken
in I used three pounds of chicken breast
and I just cut them into bite-size
pieces
make sure to coat each piece of chicken
well and shake off any excess I fried my
chicken in batches I use vegetable oil
cook the chicken for about four to five
minutes chicken came out super juicy and
crispy on the outside
and from now on I plan on flying all of
my chicken this way
I think all fried chicken should look
like this color is beautiful
and to be honest I could have stopped
right here because these little chicken
bites were so delicious but no worries I
didn't stop I continued with the recipe
I threw in some cornstarch water soy
sauce minced garlic sugar chicken stock
white vinegar and some white wine give
everything a whisk and I will say that
you should not eat this every day
also this dish is meant for sharing that
looks like my morning coffee bye and
don't think I'm lecturing you guys for
the most part I get really sweet
positive comments thank you for that
however once in a while a member of the
YouTube culinary police likes to stop by
and make sure that everything is healthy
and clean
and a skillet with some olive oil I saw
taste some green onions and some dried
chili peppers Jack removed the seeds I
left them in that is completely optional
I like really spicy food
however the finish result was not spicy
although general tso chicken is normally
not supposed to be spicy I would say has
a sweet and salty taste which is what
makes us so good I poured in the
cornstarch and soy sauce mixture and let
it cook over medium high heat for about
5 to 6 minutes and before you know it it
will be thick and velvety you want to
toss in your chicken give it a stir let
it cook for an additional 5 minutes on
low heat and then it's ready to serve I
serve this with white rice I did a
season the rice because the sauce from
the chicken will give the rice all the
flavor it means I hope you guys give
this recipe a try please don't forget to
visit my friend Jack's channel make sure
to subscribe for his awesome recipes and
thank you guys so much for watching